Handeled the file location of key by adding the path of key. (#2)
zairahira/Ransomware-Python: README.md

This would encrypt the files `apple-picking.txt` and `dead-leaves.txt`. Note that the code files(`encrypt.py and decrypt.py`) and the key(`thekey.key`) would not be encrypted as a check has been implemented in the code.

1. To decrypt the files, run: `python3 decrypt.py`.

> 1. Enter the path of the key if placed in other directory than directory of script. If in same directory, then just press enter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If the key file is located in a different directory than the script, enter its full path. If it's in the same directory, just press Enter.
```
